//============================================================================================================
<br>
Meeting July 3th 2019
<br>

<br>
Attending: Timo, Craig, Felipe, Sebastian, Jonathan, Rafaele, Raphael
<br>

<br>
A meetup can be hosted in Baltan Laboratories (NATLAB) Eindhoven in the near future. Possibly the next meetup
<br>

<br>
We&#x27;ll be hosting a Livecoding Performance and Algorave at Zaal 100 on 11/12 October probably. Trying to at least pay artists for traveling. Tickets can not be &gt; &#8364;15.
<br>
Hosting a livecoding performance at iii might be optional?
<br>
iii performance space: <a href="https://instrumentinventors.org/workspace/facilities/">https://instrumentinventors.org/workspace/facilities/</a>
<br>

<br>
Algorave at the Skatepark can be hosted around october as well.
<br>

<br>
Add one portfolio link to this site (that link can be embedded on the site):
<br>
<a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1xkH1s0cvH0CvIAgp&#x2d;G5ZcMd3ZdEkA94OEDcszNxCJ4U/edit&#x3f;usp&#x3d;drive&#x5f;web&amp;ouid&#x3d;108628670741562461466">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/1xkH1s0cvH0CvIAgp-G5ZcMd3ZdEkA94OEDcszNxCJ4U/edit?usp=drive_web&amp;ouid=108628670741562461466</a>
<br>

<br>
## We are looking at options for funding livecoding events:
<br>

<br>
_The Amsterdam Funds voor de Kunst_ has an option for supporting a series in Amsterdam at a specific location: <a href="https://www.amsterdamsfondsvoordekunst.nl/">https://www.amsterdamsfondsvoordekunst.nl/</a>
<br>

<br>
_Fonds voor de Podiumkunst_ has the &quot;SKIP&quot; subsidy to support intermittent programming (a series of minimum 6 shows) - Category 1 has minimal barriers to entry with a max of &#8364;5775, must be at a single location:&nbsp; <a href="https://fondspodiumkunsten.nl/nl/subsidies/programmeringsregeling&#x5f;voor&#x5f;podia&#x5f;en&#x5f;festivals/kleinschalige&#x5f;en&#x5f;incidentele&#x5f;programmering&#x5f;skip/">https://fondspodiumkunsten.nl/nl/subsidies/programmeringsregeling_voor_podia_en_festivals/kleinschalige_en_incidentele_programmering_skip/</a>
<br>

<br>
__DEADLINE SEPT 18__
<br>

<br>
Possible venues we can collaborate with:
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * iii space in The Hague (through Marije &amp; Jonathan)
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * V2 in Rotterdam
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * Zaal100 in Amsterdam
<br>

<br>

<br>
## What can we do to plant seeds for a national community while still sustaining our local groups?
<br>
&gt;&gt; Craig notes that if every &quot;national&quot; meeting is in a different location then there is no motivation for local groups to self-organize
<br>
&gt;&gt; let&#x27;s alternate between local &amp; national meetings, maybe at the beginning we need to travel with national meetings more often to plant the seeds of local groups, but eventually try to aim for 2-4 national meetings per year
<br>

<br>
## Showing work
<br>
Rafaele: KNURL
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * self-made 12-string cello, with sensors on bow
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * thinking of using STENO in SuperCollider as a system connected to her gestures
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * STENO: <a href="https://github.com/musikinformatik/Steno">https://github.com/musikinformatik/Steno</a>
<br>
She is running out of money to pay for progress of her work -&gt; she has a crowdfunding campaign
<br>
<a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/knurl12e&#x2d;cello/12&#x2d;strings&#x2d;recyclable&#x2d;e&#x2d;cello&#x3f;ref&#x3d;nav&#x5f;search&amp;result&#x3d;project&amp;term&#x3d;knurl">https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/knurl12e-cello/12-strings-recyclable-e-cello?ref=nav_search&amp;result=project&amp;term=knurl</a>
<br>

<br>

<br>
Sebastian:&nbsp;
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * ORCA <a href="https://wiki.xxiivv.com/&#x23;orca">https://wiki.xxiivv.com/#orca</a>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<br>
Craig:
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * Caffiene for livecoding on the web: <a href="https://caffeine.js.org/">https://caffeine.js.org/</a>
<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>
